repair clinic encourages you to perform
this procedure safely in this video we
will show one or more of these icons to
alert you when to use caution
most range repairs will require some
disassembly of the appliance before you
attempt this be sure to unplug the
appliance first to access components
through the back of the range
simply remove the screws securing the
lower rear panel and set the panel aside
when the repair is complete
replace the rear panel and secure the
screws to access control panel
components remove the screws securing
the upper rear panel when the repair is
done replace the panel and secure it
with the screws if your repair requires
the removal of the ranges main top first
open the oven door and remove the screws
securing the main top once the screws
are removed close the oven door and lift
the main top up you should use a sturdy
object to support it release the burners
by removing the screws securing the
burner cross braces to the main top set
the cross braces and burners aside and
pull the main top away from the rear
panel
reinstall the main top by inserting the
rear brackets into the panel slots
support the top as you reattach the
burner assemblies by positioning the
cross braces and securing the screws now
remove the support and lower the main
top secure the main top by reinstalling
the screws to remove the oven door use a
flathead screwdriver to flip the hinge
locks all the way down on both sides of
the door you can now lift the door up
and out to reinstall the oven door align
the doors hinge hooks with the holes in
the cabinet and push the hinge locks
back into place once the range is fully
reassembled you can plug it back in and
check the appliance to make sure it's
functioning properly
you